---
title: 'The Leak Attack: Part 1'
description: Every Monday, we bring you musical leaks to start your week off on the right note (geddit?). This is the innaugural playlist.
published: 2014-05-26
author: Jebbit
categories:
 - lifestyle
---

99% of the population wakes up on Monday morning dreading the five days that lie ahead. Well, let's start each week off on a better note with the top five leaks listened to by our tech team over the last seven days...

One of our favorite bands, Blue Scholars, is fronted by half of the Seattle-based hip-hop duo, Common Market. Common Market threw down their self titled album in 2005 and 'Love One' is a super-positive track to start our day off on the right foot:

<!-- Love One-->
{{spotify-play-button uri='spotify:track:6mh0BAARoop87RgtmAH4go'}}

'Sleepless' has only been out for a month, but it's a classic summer club song remeniscent of late-2000s European beats. Its electronic-style distorted vocals provide a great background sound for any coder to work:

<!-- Sleepless-->
{{spotify-play-button uri='spotify:track:15uFqHGAOvaGCqikvgiW6w'}}

[Bebe Rexha](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bebe_Rexha) co-wrote Eminem's single 'The Monster', which was released late in 2013. Before that she laid down the vocals for Cash Cash's summer track 'Take me Home', which peaked at #5 in the UK charts:

<!-- Take me home-->
{{spotify-play-button uri='spotify:track:7iT98FhZ7BAE8xdCxBlw55'}}

Listening to songs with foreign lyrics can be a great distraction-free way to add some variety to any coder's electro/instrumental-based library. Papa Wemba sings in his native language, Lingala, featured in this track:

<!-- Yolele-->
{{spotify-play-button uri='spotify:track:2erkaJq9ZZMnMdWfPXQhq1'}}

Klingande in three words: house, saxophone, and summer. Klingande have only released a couple of tracks but they're both absolute bangers. Their song [Jubel](http://youtu.be/b6vSf0cA9qY) took Europe by storm last Autumn, but Punga is our favorite:

<!-- Punga-->
{{spotify-play-button uri='spotify:track:1zKL8G85Yx3T9Q84TuOCSL'}}

Let us know which songs you would like to see added to the next Leak Attack, in the comments below!
